remove oauth provider from client package (#685)
sigstore/sigstore-js: .changeset/mighty-hornets-tan.md

---
'sigstore': major
---

> Removes `oidcIssuer`, `oidcClient`, `oidcClientSecret`, and `oidcRedirectURL` from the options for the `sign` and `attest` functions. The OAuth identity provider these options were associated with has been relocated to the `@sigstore/cli` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes `oidcIssuer`, `oidcClient`, `oidcClientSecret`, and `oidcRedirectURL` from the options for the `sign` and `attest` functions. The OAuth identity provider that was associated with these options has been relocated to the `@sigstore/cli` package.
```
